There were signs of stones,
petrol bombs, people screaming.
Those were the signs we grew up with.
Back then I was raised as a Catholic
in an area which became known for the troubles that began there.
We were a very divided city.
It was Catholic nationalist and unionist Protestant.
A close friend had been, he had been in the wrong place at the wrong time.
After the funeral, I went to the chapel and knelt down and addressed God directly.
There has been far too much death and it can't go on, but I promised you
I will be the best Catholic I can be.
Would you need to give me some answers?
I went back home and was trying to be a good Catholic
and Jehovah's people knocked at the door.
My husband had a short story because I had made an agreement with God.
I would stay in the kitchen but with the door open.
I heard the young couple back then and they used a name I had never heard before.
It was God's personal name.
While my husband decided that this was not for him.
But I remember popping my head through the door and going, but I am the hope that all those people,
all those peers, all the burials that we had had would be reversed.
I was baptized in 1985 and while it was lovely to be one of Jehovah's people,
when you looked around and realized none of Jehovah's people lived here, I felt so isolated.
Violence was something that could break out in certain areas, but almost any day.
We're talking sniper fire, we're talking civil unrest, coming from a Catholic,
Republican background, I would have feared going into some areas.
There were places that I would never have been but for the truth.
Jehovah's people had come to my door personally, knocked on it,
were aware of the dangers around them and that in turn,
would have faded me to do the same thing.
One day on the monastery, I knocked on the door and man opened the door.
But I noticed he looked hyper-vigilant and I thought there's something not right here.
So I had my Bible and I offered him the watchtower and immediately his face relaxed and he said,
oh my wife reached those magazines just a second and as he passed the table on the hall,
he simply put a revolver on the table. At that time, I realized that Jehovah is not a God,
who is prejudice. I'm more integrated with the congregation and the fear of working in other
territories that I would never have been in has gone. Jehovah widened your world.
Jehovah gives you a reason to get up in the morning, put on your coat, walk out the front door
and the happiness of bringing good news. It's a wonderful feeling to know that in the time
you buried Jehovah's name, something to be very proud of, something to be absolutely proud of.